​​CISC 3300 SP25
Homework 2

1. What do the id and class attributes do? How are they alike and different?
	  The html id attribute is used to specify a unique id for an html element and the html cass attribute is used to specify a class for an html element. They are alike in how they used to point to a name in a style sheet yet different because the id attribute must be unique while the class attribute can be shared among multiple html elements.
2. What are the parts of a CSS rule?
	  The two parts are a selector and a declaration. 
3. Explain how CSS rules cascade.
	  If two or more rules that apply to the same element, it is important to understand which one will take precedence. For inheritance, a child element will naturally inherit properties from its parent element. In specifity, if there are two or more CSS rules that point to the same element, the selector with the highest specificity will "win", and its style declaration will be applied to that html element. The last rule is if there are two or more CSS rules that point to the same element and they are equally specific, the rule applied last will "win". The important keyword will trump anything.
4. Contrast display: block, inline, inline-block.
	  Block elements take up an entire line, inline elements can sit next to other inline elements on a line.
5. What are border, padding, and margin?
  	A border exists for every box and separates the edge of one box from another. Margin is the space that sits outside the edge of the border (you can set the width of a margin to create a gap between the borders of two adjacent boxes). Padding is the space between the border of a box and any content contained within (adding padding can increase the readability of its contents.

6. Let’s improve our fake business webpage from the first homework:
a. Make a full width header div with a centered row of links and a border. The links
can route to ‘#’. Give the header a background color and the links a foreground
color.
b. Create a logo with a fancy font from google fonts and some color. And set a
google font for the text of the rest of your webpage.
c. Every item on the page should have adequate margin/padding.
d. Try to think about the usability principles we have discussed in class; try to make
the design choices increase the usability of the page.

